docs: link to stable specs (#47)
citation-style-language/citation-style-language.github.io: _pages/developers.md

## Language Specification

> CSL is defined by two documents: the human-readable [CSL specification](https://docs.citationstyles.org/en/stable/specification.html), and the computer-readable [CSL schema](https://github.com/citation-style-language/schema/tree/v1.0.2), written in the [RELAX NG](http://relaxng.org/) compact syntax, which can be used for validation of CSL styles and locale files.

Author: I hardcoded a 1.0.2 link here as I wasn't sure linking to the main branch would have been the best thing to do.

> CSL is defined by two documents: the human-readable [CSL specification](https://docs.citationstyles.org/en/stable/specification.html), and the computer-readable [CSL schema](https://github.com/citation-style-language/schema/tree/v1.0.2), written in the [RELAX NG](http://relaxng.org/) compact syntax, which can be used for validation of CSL styles and locale files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSL is defined by two documents: the human-readable [CSL specification](https://docs.citationstyles.org/en/stable/specification.html), and the computer-readable [CSL schema](https://github.com/citation-style-language/schema/releases/latest), written in the [RELAX NG](http://relaxng.org/) compact syntax, which can be used for validation of CSL styles and locale files.
```

Let's do that
